The goal for this game is for the best and smartest player to be crowned the winner and be rewarded with game currency.

For the winner to be crowned he has to win all the mini games. The game is set in a train with 3 carriages. 4 players will be in a train at the same time. The first mini game starts in the first carriage with 4 players. One player will be removed at each stage. 

Each player will receive five garnets each at the beginning of the game. These garnets can be traded by players whenever they want (used for bribery e.g. paying another player to be on your side.) , but this will be worth 100 points at the end of the game for the winner and 50 points for the losers. (if the last player has 20 garnets in total, he or she will receive 2000 BP (Brain Point) in the game.) This game money can be spent for decorating their avatars. Their game records will be stored into their profiles. Players will be matched with other players who have the similar rates.

1st Carriage:
The 4 players will be divided into 2 teams randomly. They will be forced to talk only with their teammate for a minute and they will be allowed to come back to the lobby after a minute. Then, they will decide whether they will switch their teams or not, as well as choose which team will have more people. After 2 mins, they will know which members are in team A and team B. The members of the team with more players will win the game and receive 1 garnet each. Moreover, the players who expected which team will win also get 1 garnet. However, if there are 4 players in the same team, they will lose 2 garnets each. A vote will be initiated at the end of the game where players can vote for anyone to be removed from the game even if you are completely innocent so no one is safe. At this stage, garnets can be used to bribe people to not vote for you. With this method, 3 players will remain and move onto the next carriage where the next game will be played.

2nd Carriage:
One player can select the digit from 1 to 3 at first. This rotates in a clockwise direction. The following players can decide how many number will be added to the previous digit (1~3). This keeps rotating until the number reaches 31. The player who has to select 31 not only will lose 2 garnets, but also will be removed. The other 2 players will obtain 2 garnets, respectively. This will yet remove another player from the game so that there are 2 players remaining.
 
3rd Carriage:
5 different cards will be laid upside down. Each player will select one of them, but they do not know what they have chosen however they will only know which card the other player has chosen. The player who has more garnets will start betting with a garnet first. The other player can bet more or give up. Betting continues until both players stop betting. When the betting stage is over, the cards will be opened to them and the player having a large number card will win and take all the garnets in the betting pool. However, if you chose the give up option, you automatically are placed 2nd but lose no garnets at all. The player who wins then becomes the 'winner' and is rewarded with their garnets being converted to Brain Points at a higher rate.
