Topic:
Our group aims to develop a mobile game called The Genius. The game involves multiple mind games where it tests the user's abilities to both play the games and to deceive the players around them. 'The Genius' has 4 players contesting each other to become the winner of the game. Ultimately for the future, more games will be added so that multiple players (more than 4) can play in a game. The design is 2D-based and relatively simple compared to other new releasing games, but this game focuses on contents which users can enjoy.

The ultimate output is to enable users to enjoy their free time by playing a game with other players while giving slight brain exercises in short periods of time. Every game should finish in around 15 minutes which is designed for the mobile environment to give users quick entertainment. Users will be able to interact with each other with text chat or bvoice chat, as well as social features in the game such as being able to have a friends list.

Motivation:
Our team was motivated to develop 'The Genius' due to our interest in gaming and one of the reasons we have decided to study IT in the first place. This project is interesting to us as this is the first time as a group that any of us have thought thoroughly about developing a game that isn't already on the market. This game fits in the mobile gaming trend as there is a massive surge in mobile gaming due to the technological society we live in where having a phone is a necessity. However not as detailed as console or PC games, mobile games provide an enjoyable and fun experience from the palm of their hands. 'The Genius' can display our creative talents in game design to future employers which can benefit employers with new ideas and creations.

Landscape:
The current mobile gaming market consists of many varieties of games however there isn't an app that has the same features as 'The Genius' which is why we believe user's will be curious about a new type of game being released. 'The Genius' can possibly open up a whole new market in mobile gaming.
