- What went well: Our cooperation has made great progress in this task, and the efficiency and quality have obviously improved. This is reflected in the fact that within a limited period of time we have divided the task into individual sections by exerting what everyone is best at, and the quality of each section is the highest level we can currently reach. Moreover, we have used more tools to complete this task. This not only has greatly improved our level but also laid a solid foundation for our future tasks. At the same time, the use of multiple tools also makes our work more professional.
- What could be improved : The place where we need to upgrade should be our use of multiple tools. In this task, we chose more professional tools for the best results, but we also encountered some Although the trouble has been overcome, it also reminds us that we need to be more familiar with the tool and need more practice. The second thing that needs strengthening is our discussion method. Most of our discussions are conducted on the Internet. This also makes us sometimes because the expression is not clear and leads to misunderstandings of other people. We think we need several more times. Meeting and talking can not only strengthen the relationship between team members, but also can express and receive the ideas of others more clearly and efficiently.
At least one thing that was surprised : The most surprising thing is that we have all played our best. We are all very pressureful for the last task. After all, at the time of the final exam, everyone needs to review and prepare for their own holiday. However, we can still perform tasks that are unusually high. The next surprise should be that we successfully used some of the tools we haven't used before and helped us to complete the task. In fact, we did not choose to use these tools at the beginning, but we still chose these tools in order to make our tasks more professional.
At least one thing that you have learnt about groups : For me, I learned so much in this group, both technically and administratively, that benefited me a lot. For example, when we get the task, our team leader will assign tasks based on everyone's special skills. At the same time, it will also analyze our tasks very deeply, such as the mission's core goals and requirements. He divides the task into a number of sections and asks for requirements such as performance requirements, word count requirements, etc. for each section. But for me, I don't have many requirements and ideas, which will make the whole task seem disorganized. Second, technically I also learned a lot of tools to use for me
